Privacy Policy

Your privacy is critically important to us. At 1thrasher we have a few fundamental principles:

  * We don't ask you for personal information unless we actually need it. 
  * We don't share identifiable personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or
    protect our rights.
  * We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what's visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept
    private, and permanently deleted. Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals (thanks to Automattic.com
    for their Creative Commons Sharealike license.)

If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team at hello@smallgroups.church.

1thrasher, LLC (“1thrasher”) operates several websites including 1thrasher.com and Smallgroups.church.
  It is 1thrasher’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.

Website Visitors

Like most website operators, 1thrasher collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and
  servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time
  of each visitor request. 1thrasher's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
  how 1thrasher's visitors use its website. From time to time, 1thrasher may release non-personally-identifying information
  in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

1thrasher also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for Smallgroups.church
  users. 1thrasher only discloses logged in user IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying
  information as described below, except that IP addresses and email addresses may be visible and disclosed to the administrators
  of website.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to 1thrasher’s websites choose to interact with 1thrasher in ways that require 1thrasher to gather personally-identifying
  information. The amount and type of information that 1thrasher gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For
  example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at Smallgroups.church to provide a username and email address. Those
  who engage in transactions with 1thrasher may be asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the
  personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, 1thrasher collects such information
  only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with 1thrasher. 1thrasher
  does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to
  supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related
  activities.

Aggregated Statistics

1thrasher may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, 1thrasher may monitor the
  most popular groups on the Smallgroups.church site or use spam screening services to help identify spam. 1thrasher may
  display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, 1thrasher does not disclose personally-identifying
  information other than as described below.

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

1thrasher discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees,
  contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on 1thrasher’s
  behalf or to provide services available at 1thrasher’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
  Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using
  1thrasher’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. 1thrasher will not rent or sell potentially
  personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and
  affiliated organizations, as described above, 1thrasher discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying
  information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when 1thrasher believes in
  good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of 1thrasher, third parties or the
  public at large. If you are a registered user of an 1thrasher website and have supplied your email address, 1thrasher
  may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date
  with what’s going on with 1thrasher and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via
  one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request
  or to help us support other users. 1thrasher takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized
  access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides
  to the website each time the visitor returns. 1thrasher uses cookies to help 1thrasher identify and track visitors, their
  usage of 1thrasher website, and their website access preferences. 1thrasher visitors who do not wish to have cookies
  placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using 1thrasher’s websites, with the drawback
  that certain features of 1thrasher’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

Business Transfers

If 1thrasher, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that 1thrasher goes out of business
  or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You
  acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of 1thrasher may continue to use your personal information
  as set forth in this policy.

Ads

Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies
  allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information
  about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted
  advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by 1thrasher
  and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Privacy Policy Changes

1thrasher may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in 1thrasher’s sole discretion.
  1thrasher encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. 
  Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
