Terms of Service

The gist:

We (the folks at 1thrasher) run a service called Smallgroups.church and would love for you to use it. 
  Our service is designed to give you as much control and ownership
  over what goes on your site as possible and encourage you to express yourself freely. However, be responsible in what
  you publish. In particular, make sure that none of the prohibited items listed below appear on your site or get linked
  to from your site (things like spam, viruses, or hate content).

If you find a Smallgroups.church account or listing that you believe violates our terms of service, please contact us.

(Thanks to Automattic.com for this Terms of Service, available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.)

Terms of Service:

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Smallgroups.church website and all content, services and products
  available at or through the website, including, but not limited to, Smallgroups.church (“the Website”). The Website is
  offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other
  operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, 1thrasher’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published
  from time to time on this Site by 1thrasher (collectively, the “Agreement”). Your agreement is with 1thrasher, LLC (“1thrasher”
  or “we”).

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site,
  you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions
  of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered
  an offer by 1thrasher, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who
  are at least 13 years old.

    Your Smallgroups.church Account and Site. If you create an account on the Website, you are responsible
      for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the
      account and any other actions taken in connection with the blog. You must not describe or assign keywords to your
      account in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of
      others, and 1thrasher may change or remove any account, description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or
      unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause 1thrasher liability. You must immediately notify 1thrasher of any unauthorized
      uses of your account or any other breaches of security. 1thrasher will not be liable for any acts or omissions by
      You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
  
    Responsibility of Contributors. If you operate an account, post material to the Website, or otherwise
      make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, “Content”),
      You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless
      of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content
      available, you represent and warrant that:

    
      * the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited
        to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
      * if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your
        employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from
        your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
      * you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary
        to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
      * the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive
        content;
      * the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial
        content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites,
        or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as
        spoofing);
      * the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence, and does not violate the privacy or
        publicity rights of any third party;
      * your account is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists,
        other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
      * your blog is not presented in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company;
        and
      * you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature,
        uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by 1thrasher or otherwise. By submitting Content
        to 1thrasher for inclusion on your Website, you grant 1thrasher a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license
        to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting
        your account. This license allows 1thrasher to make publicly-posted content available to third parties selected
        by 1thrasher so that these third parties can analyze and distribute (but not publicly display) your content through
        their services.
    

    You also give other Smallgroups.church users and non-users permission to search and share your publicly available Content
      on other Smallgroups.church sites and add their own Content to it (aka to reblog your Content), so long as they use
      only a portion of your post and they give you credit as the original author by linking back to your site.

    If you delete Content, 1thrasher will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that
      caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable. Without limiting any of those representations
      or warranties, 1thrasher has the right (though not the obligation) to, in 1thrasher’s sole discretion (i) refuse
      or remove any content that, in 1thrasher’s reasonable opinion, violates any 1thrasher policy or is in any way harmful
      or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any
      reason, in 1thrasher’s sole discretion. 1thrasher will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously
      paid.
  
    Payment and Renewal.

    
      * General Terms. Paid services are available on the Website (any such services, a "Paid service"). By selecting a Paid
        service you agree to pay 1thrasher the monthly or annual subscription fees indicated for that service. Payments
        will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for an Upgrade and will cover the use of that service
        for a monthly or annual subscription period as indicated. Paid service fees are not refundable.
      * Automatic Renewal. Unless you notify 1thrasher before the end of the applicable subscription period that you want
        to cancel a Paid service, your Paid service subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect
        the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for such Paid service (as well as any taxes) using any credit
        card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you. Paid services can be canceled at any time in the Account
        section of your site's dashboard.
    
  
    Smallgroups.church Subscription.

      * Fees; Payment. By signing up for the Smallgroups.church subscription you agree to pay 1thrasher the specified monthly
        fees in exchange for access to the Website. Applicable fees will be invoiced starting from the day your access
        is established and in advance of using such services. 1thrasher reserves the right to change the payment terms
        and fees upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to you. Smallgroups.church access can be canceled by you at
        anytime on 30 days written notice to 1thrasher.
      * Restricted Use. You may not use the Smallgroups.church Website to substantially replicate products or services offered
        by 1thrasher, including the republication of Smallgroups.church content or the creation of a separate publishing
        platform. If 1thrasher believes, in its sole discretion, that you have violated or attempted to violate these conditions
        or the spirit of these terms, your ability to use and access the Smallgroups.church Website may be temporarily
        or permanently revoked, with or without notice.
    
  
    Responsibility of Website Visitors. 1thrasher has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material,
      posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating
      the Website, 1thrasher does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes
      such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect
      yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
      The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing
      technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates
      the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties,
      or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. 1thrasher
      disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading
      by those visitors of content there posted.
  
    Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including
      computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which Smallgroups.church links, and that link
      to Smallgroups.church. 1thrasher does not have any control over those non-Smallgroups.church websites and webpages,
      and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to an outside website or webpage, 1thrasher does
      not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary
      to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive
      content. 1thrasher disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Smallgroups.church websites
      and webpages.
  
    Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As 1thrasher asks others to respect its intellectual property
      rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked
      to by Smallgroups.church violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify 1thrasher in accordance with 1thrasher’s
      Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Policy. 1thrasher will respond to all such notices, including as required
      or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. 1thrasher will
      terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined
      to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of 1thrasher or others. In the case
      of such termination, 1thrasher will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to 1thrasher.
  
    Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from 1thrasher to you any 1thrasher or third
      party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the
      parties) solely with 1thrasher. 1thrasher, Smallgroups.church, the Smallgroups.church logo, and all other trademarks,
      service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Smallgroups.church, or the Website are trademarks or registered
      trademarks of 1thrasher or 1thrasher’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection
      with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license
      to reproduce or otherwise use any 1thrasher or third-party trademarks.
  
    Advertisements. 1thrasher reserves the right to display advertisements on your account unless you
      have purchased an Ad-free Upgrade.
  
    Attribution. 1thrasher reserves the right to display attribution links.
  
    Domain Names. If you are registering a domain name, using or transferring a previously registered
      domain name, you acknowledge and agree that use of the domain name is also subject to the policies of the Internet
      Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN"), including their Registration Rights and Responsibilities.
  
    Changes. We are constantly updating our services, and that means sometimes we have to change the legal
      terms under which our services are offered. If we make changes that are material, we will let you know by posting
      on Smallgroups.church, or by sending you an email or other communication before the changes take effect. The notice
      will designate a reasonable period of time after which the new Terms will take effect. If you disagree with our changes,
      then you should stop using Smallgroups.church within the designated notice period. Your continued use of Smallgroups.church
      will be subject to the new Terms. However, any dispute that arose before the changes shall be governed by the Terms
      (including the binding individual arbitration clause) that were in place when the dispute arose.
  
    Termination. 1thrasher may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with
      or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your
      Smallgroups.church account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. All provisions of this
      Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation,
      ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
  
    Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided "as is". 1thrasher and its suppliers and licensors
      hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of
      merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither 1thrasher nor its suppliers and licensors,
      makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted.
      You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion
      and risk.
  
    Limitation of Liability. In no event will 1thrasher, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with
      respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or
      equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute
      products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed
      the fees paid by you to 1thrasher under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of
      action. 1thrasher shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control.
      The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
  
    General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will
      be in strict accordance with the 1thrasher Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations
      (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area,
      regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of
      technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website
      will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
  
    Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless 1thrasher, its contractors, and its licensors,
      and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses,
      including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of
      this Agreement.
  
    Translation. These Terms of Service were originally written in English (US). We may translate these
      Terms into other languages. In the event of a conflict between a translated version of these Terms of Service and
      the English version, the English version will control.
  
    Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between 1thrasher and you concerning
      the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive
      of 1thrasher, or by the posting by 1thrasher of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides
      otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of Alabama,
      U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating
      to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama. Except for claims
      for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any
      competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled
      in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service,, LLC (“JAMS”)
      by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
      in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action
      or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement
      is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining
      portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement
      or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof.
      You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms
      and conditions; 1thrasher may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding
      upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. 
